FlipViewExtensions implementation (#373)
unoplatform/uno.toolkit.ui: doc/helpers/Selector-extensions.md

# SelectorExtensions Attached Properties

Provides an easy integration between `PipsPager` and `Selector` controls.

## Properties
Property|Type|Description
-|-|-

> PipsPagerProperty|PipsPager| Backing property for the `PisPager` that will interact with the `Selector` control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PipsPagerProperty|PipsPager| Backing property for the `PipsPager` that will interact with the `Selector` control.
```

> When the `SelectorExtensions.PipsPager` is set, the control will take care to update the number of items and the SelectedIndex automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `SelectorExtensions.PipsPager` is set, the control will take care of updating the number of items and the `SelectedIndex` automatically.
```
